Add new directives to cluster submission page (#134)
glotzerlab/signac-docs: docs/source/cluster_submission.rst

.. glossary::

    fork
      The fork directive can be set to True to enforce that a particular operation is always executed within a subprocess and not within the Python interpreter’s process even if there are no other reasons that would prevent that.

    np
      The total number of processing units required for this operation.
      The default value for np is "nranks x omp_num_threads", which both default to 1.

    ngpu
      The number of GPUs required for this operation.

    nranks
      The number of MPI ranks required for this operation.
      The command will be prefixed with environment specific MPI command, e.g.: ``mpiexec -n 4``.

    omp_num_threads
      The number of OpenMP threads required for this operation.

    executable
      Specify which Python executable should be used to execute this operation.
      Defaults to the one used to generate the script (:py:attr:`sys.executable`).

> 

Reviewer: Is there a reason that you moved `executable` down?

      Specify which Python executable should be used to execute this operation.
      Defaults to the one used to generate the script (:py:attr:`sys.executable`).

    fork

>       The fork directive can be set to True to enforce that a particular operation is always executed within a subprocess and not within the Python interpreter’s process even if there are no other reasons that would prevent that.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      The fork directive can be set to True to enforce that a particular operation is always executed within a subprocess and not within the Python interpreter's process even if there are no other reasons that would prevent that.
```
